# Video-Rental-System-in-database-management-system-sql-server
The video rental company has several branches throughout the country. The data held on each branch is the branch address made up of street, city, state, and zip code, and the telephone number. Each branch is given a branch number, which is unique throughout the company. Each branch is allocated a number of staff members, including a Manager. The Manager is responsible for the day-to-day running of a given branch. The data held on a member of staff is his or her name, position, and salary. Each member of staff is given a staff number, which is unique throughout the company. Each branch has a stock of videos. The data held on a video is the catalogue number, video number, title, category, daily rental, cost, status, the names of the main actors, and the director. The catalogue number uniquely identifies each video. However, in most cases, there are several copies of each video at a branch, and the individual copies are identified using the video number.  A video is given a category such as Action, Children, Drama, Horror, or Sci-Fi. The status indicates whether a specific copy of a video is available for rent. Before hiring a video from the company, a customer must first register as a member of a local branch. The data held on a member is the first and last name, address, and the date that the member registered at a branch. Each member is given a member number, which is unique throughout all branches of the company.  Once registered, a member is free to rent videos, up to a maximum of ten at any one time.  The data held on each video rented is the rental number, the full name and number of the member, the video number, title, and daily rental, and the dates the video is rented out and date returned.  The rental number is unique throughout the company.  
